Add documentation how to install NEST via homebrew (#1656)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/installation/index.rst

       Find out more on the NeuroFedora site: https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/neurofedora/nest/.       

>    .. tab:: MacOS - Homebrew

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tab:: Homebrew (macOS)
```

>        Install homebrew on your mac (https://brew.sh/) and then install NEST via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. `Install Homebrew <https://brew.sh/>`_ on your Mac.

       2. Install NEST via:
```
